1::Parking Lot::Wide, lot uneven rough ter-rain. Filled with boulders of different sizes. They seem to have some letters on them. Filled with car of olden days, some rusty, some in better condition.::Memory Piece::0::false::2_0_7_0
2::Your Car::Busted 4 door car. It looks like it was a shiny silver make gray car but now it a dull grayish color car with rusty spot creeping upside the car door and roof top. The ve-hicle has a couple of dents in the side and truck. The truck barely closed seem to hold by a thread.::Plasma Gun::0::false::0_0_1_0
3::The Dorms::Wide slightly broken wood door. Thin layer of dust cov-ering the desk and counter-tops. The has busted Win-dows and is Slightly in disor-der such as the person living there was in a rush to leave. Furniture turn over, clothes scattered all over the floor. The ceiling is caving in.::Memory Piece::P1::false::0_4_10_0
4::The Infirmary::Its ransacked. Broken glass and misplaced pills all over the floor. Furniture tossed everywhere. Miscellaneous stains on the bed.::Health Potion::0::false::0_5_0_3
5::The Zebra Fish Lab::Busted out fish tanks. Re-membrance of fishes. (their skeletons) Musty, murky wa-ter. Papers and book thrown everywhere. Desk and chairs turn over.::Shield Potion::P2::false::0_0_6_4
6::The Chem Lab::The room is in disarray. Chairs thrown all over. Pa-pers scattered. Broken vases and vials. Projector hanging off the wall. One of the dou-ble doors is laying on the floor. Smell of Loose gas.::Flashlight::P3::false::5_0_6_20
7::Track and Field::The field is patchy with dirt spots and random patches of grass. It seems like a building collapsed and fell in the field. It's kind of worn away. It's no longer smooth and flat, it's kind of lumpy and bumpy.::Grappling Hook::0::false::1_9_13_8
8::Shed::The small room was dim and barely enough light came through the broken holes of the ceiling. You walk around looking for anything to help you. You were careful though; debris of all kinds were on the floor.  You notice a glow behind a trophy shelf.::Memory Piece, Body Armor::0::false::0_0_7_0
9::The Board Room::The lights were dimmed in this room. You notice large talon like depressions on the marble floor. You see a shine at the edge of the room.::Memory Piece::P4::false::10_11_0_7
10::Honors Class Room::The room was well lit, and you see a broken white board and broken furniture. There seemed to have been a strug-gle here. You search the room for anything that can help you and you stumble upon a case.::Plasma Short Bow::0::false::3_0_9_0
11::The Auditorium::You push through two big doors and find yourself in a large auditorium. Every step and sound you made echoed within its empty walls. You only source of light was from a broken projector showing static. The lines of chairs were barely intact and the po-dium that you supposed to have been there is missing.::0::0::false::9_20_0_12
12::The Grizzly Statue::You open an exit door and the light from the outside blinded you. How’d it be-come so bright all of a sud-den? Is it noon? You look down and see the grass and as your vision returned, you no-tice a large create appear be-hind the grizzly bear statue.::Memory Piece, Health Potion::P5::false::0_11_0_0
13::The Library 1st Floor::You approached the library, but it seems that the doors are boarded shut from the out-side. You take look around a bit more and notice an open-ing large enough for a person your size to enter. You crawled into the opening, stood up and dusted the dirt off of you. You look around and saw that most of the shelves and the books were destroyed and scattered. But a good portion was also still there. You hear a rhythmic buzzing sound. You decide to explore.::Memory Piece::0::false::7_0_14_0
14::The Library 2nd Floor::The door was once again shut closed and you look once more to see if there's an open-ing. Luckily, the board nailed to door was loose. You pry it open and entered. The second floor of the library was spot-less. It was completely differ-ent from the other places of this campus you are in. It was well lit, and the shelves of books were mostly intact. You notice 2 doors.::0::0::false::13_0_15_0
15::The Library 3rd Floor::You pry open the small door and it revealed a dim room. Like the room before it, it was mostly clean and un-touched. The books were still neatly placed on the shelves and the lights worked properly. Further inside the room you see pile of books on a desk. Looks like some-one has been reading some zoology books. Go figure. Behind the books you find something glowing.::Memory Piece::0::false::14_16_0_0
16::The Coffee Shop::Smells like coffee and like wet dog.  There is wolf behind the bar all and ready to attack. There is a shield Potion to you are able to pick up. The entrance top R15 is blocked by all the tables and chair that the wolf setup.::Memory Piece, Shield Potion::P6::false::0_19_0_15
17::The Lobby::This room is extremely dark you need to use the flashlight upon entering there is couple of vending machines and ta-bles to each side there seems to be a glass wall and sounds something growling and laughing. If you keep walk-ing forward, there will be a glass door with a puzzle to let you in and investigate the growling.::0::0::false::0_18_0_19
18::The Helpdesk::This room looked dark from R17 but upon entering it the lights turn on and reveal the Grizzly bear it is time to fight the final boss. The grizzly bear chose this room because of the thigh space since there is a bar with multiple com-puter equipment therefore you must fight him in tight spaces.::0::P7::false::0_0_0_17
19::The Hallway::This room is a long hallway that has a giant hole as an ob-stacle for the player. The hole is 15 feet deep and 12 feet long. There is memory piece on the other side on the hall-way after crossing the hole.::Memory Piece::0::false::0_17_0_16
20::The Walkway::The walked way is calmed place there is not much her just a memory piece right in the middle and a head armor after the 90-degree turn. It is unnecessary to look around or explore the items can be seen at plane sight and can be pick up soon as you get through it.::Memory Piece, Head Armor::0::false::6_0_0_11